10,000 DAYS

1. Vicarious

[Eye on/I own] the TV, 'cause tragedy thrills me
Whatever flavor, it happens to be, like:
"Killed by the husband", "Drowned by the ocean"
"Shot by his own son", "She used the poison 
In his tea and kissed him goodbye"
That's my kind of story, it's no fun 'til someone dies 

Don't look at me like, I am a monster
Frown out your one face, but with the other
Stare like a junkie, into the TV
Stare like a zombie, whi-le the mother
Holds her child, watches him die
Hands to the sky cryin' "Why, oh why?" 

Cause I need to watch things die from a distance
Vicariously, I live while the whole world dies
You all need it too - don't lie

Why can't we just admit it?
Why can't we just admit it?
We won't give pause until the blood is flowin'
Neither the brave nor bold will write us the story so
We won't give pause until the blood is flowin'

I need to watch things die, from a good safe distance
Vicariously, I live while the whole world dies
You all feel the same so, 
Why can't we just admit it? 

Blood like rain come down
Drum on grave and ground

Part vampire, part warrior
Carnivore and voyeur, stare at the
Transmittal, sing, to the death rattle 

La, la, la, la, la, la, la-lie [4x]

[Credulous / Credu-lust] at best, your desire to believe in
Angels in the hearts of men
Pull your head on out your happy haze and give a listen
Shouldn't have to say it all again 

The universe is hostile, so impersonal
Devour to survive, so it is, so it's always been

We all feed on tragedy, it's like blood to a vampire 
Vicariously, I live while the whole world dies
Much better you than I.

2. Jambi

Here from the king's mountain view, here from the wild dream come true 
Feast like a sultan I do, on treasures and flesh never few

Would I? I would, wish it all away, if I thought I'd lose you just one day

The devil in here's had me down, in love with the dark side I've found
Dabbling all the way down, up to my neck soon to drown

But you changed that all for me, lifted me up, turned me round

So I, I, I, I, 
I would, I would, I would wish this all away

Prayed like a martyr dusk to dawn, beg like a hooker all night long
Shout to the devil with my song, and got what I wanted all along

But I, and I would, if I could, and I would
Wish it away, wish it away, wish it all away
Wanna wish it all away, no pressure could hold sway
Or justify my, giving away, my center

So if I could I'd wish it all away
If I thought tomorrow, would take you away

You're my piece of mind, my own, I said I'm
Just trying to hold on, One more day

Damn my eyes, Jam my eyes, [Dim / Damn] my eyes 
If they should compromise a fulcrum
Want and need divide me
Then I might as well be gone

Shine on forever, shine on benevolent sun
Shine down upon the broken
Shine [on 'til / until] the two become one

Shine on forever, shine on benevolent sun
Shine down upon the severed
Shine [on 'til / until] the two become one

Divided I'm withering away, divided I'm withering away 

Shine down upon the many, light our way
Benevolent sun

Breathe in union [5x]
So, as one, survive, another day and season
Silence, leech and save your poison
Silently, just stay out of my way

3. Wings for Marie (Pt 1)

You believed
You believed in moments none could see
You believed in me

A passionate spirit
Uncompromised
Boundless and open
A light in your eyes that
Could end all lies

Vacant, broken
Fell at the hands of this moment so that I wouldn't see
It was you who prayed for me so
What have I done, to be son to an angel
What have I done, to be worthy

The daylight dims leaving cold fluorescence
Difficult to see you in this light
Please forgive this selfish question, but
What am I to say to all these ghouls tonight
She never told a lie
Well might have told a lie
But never lived one
Didn't have a life
Didn't have a life
But surely saved one
So I'm all right, now it's time for us to let you go

4. 10,000 Days (Wings Pt 2)

Listen to the tales and romanticize
How we follow the path of the hero
Boast about the day when the rivers overrun
How we rise to the height of our halo

Listen to the tales as we all rationalize
Our way into the arms of the savior
Feigning all the trials and the tribulations
None of us have actually been there
Not like you

Ignorant fibbers in the congregation
Gather around spewing sympathy
Spare me
None of them can even hold a candle up to you
Blinded by choices, hypocrites won't see

But, enough about the collective Judas.
Who could deny you were the one who illuminated
Your little piece of the divine

This little light of mine, the gift you passed on to me
I'm gonna let it shine to guide you safely on your way
Your way home...

Oh, what are they going to do when the lights go down
Without you to guide them all to Zion
What are they going to do when the rivers overrun
Other than tremble incessantly

High is the way, but our eyes are upon the ground
You were the light and the way, they only read about
I only pray, Heaven knows when to lift you out
Ten thousand days in the fire is long enough, you're going home

You're the only one who can hold your head up high
Shake your fist at the gates saying:
"I have come home now!
Fetch me the spirit, the son, and the father
Tell them their pillar of faith has ascended.
It's time now! My time now! Give me my, give me my wings."

Give me my [5x]
Give me my wings

You are the light and way, that they will only read about

Set as I am in my ways and my arrogance
Burden of proof, tossed upon unbelievers
You were my witness, my eyes, my evidence
Judith Marie, unconditional one

Daylight dims leaving cool fluorescence
Difficult to see you in this light
Please forgive this bold suggestion:
Should you see your Maker's face tonight,
Look Him in the eye, look Him in the eye, and tell Him:
I never lived a lie, never took a life, but surely saved one.
Hallelujah, its time for you to bring me home.

5. The Pot

Who are you to wave your finger? You must've been out your hair [Yes I know it should be "head", but he sung "hair".]
Eye-hole deep in muddy waters you practically raised the dead

Rob the grave to snow the cradle, then burn the evidence down
Soapbox house of cards and glass so, don't go tossing your stones around

You must've been high, you must've been high, you must've been

Foot in mouth and head up asshole, what ya talkin' 'bout?
Difficult to dance 'round this one, 'til you pull it out, boy

You must've been so high, you must've been so high

Steal, borrow, reefer. Save your shady inference
Kangaroo done hung the juror with the innocent

Now you're weeping shades of chosen indigo
Got lemon juice up in your eye
Oh, when you pissed all over my black kettle
You must've been high, high
You must've been high, high

Who are you to wave your finger? So full of it
Eyeballs deep in muddy waters, fucking hypocrite
Liar, lawyer, mirror, show me, what's the difference?
Kangaroo done hung the guilty with the innocent

NOW
You're weeping shades of chosen indigo
Got lemon juice up in your high eye
When you pissed all over my black kettle
You must've been

So who are you to wave your finger?
Who are you to wave your fatty fingers at me?
You must have been out your mind

Weeping shades of indigo
Shed without a reason
Weeping shades of indigo

Liar, lawyer, mirror, for you, what's the difference
Kangaroo be stoned, he's guilty as the government

NOW
You're weeping shades of chosen indigo
Got lemon juice up in your eye, eye
When you pissed all over my black kettle
You must've been high, high, high, high

Eyeballs deep in bloody waters
You're balls deep in muddy waters
[Gotcha with lies / Ganja po' lies / Ganja police]
You must have been out your mind

6. Lipan Conjuring
[native american crooning]

OOOOooooOOOOOOOooo OOO oo oiiiiaaayyyy
OOOOoooOOOOOOo oo OOO oo oiiiiaaayyyy
heeee yaaa niiigghya tooooo ah
heeee yaaa niiighaya tooo ee yaaay
OOOOOooo OOO oo oiiiiaaayyyy
OOOOOooOOOo OOO oo oiiiiaaayyyy
ayyyy yay niiiiigh HAAAA TOOO
EY Yaaah NOI MEEE HAAOWW
KOOOOOOOoo

7. Lost Keys (Blame Hofmann)

Nurse: Excuse me, doctor, do you have a moment?
Doctor: A moment? What's the question?
Nurse: More of a situation, a gentleman in exam 3.
Doctor: What's the problem?
Nurse: That is the problem, were not sure.
Doctor: You've got the chart?
Nurse: Right here
Doctor: <Flips page> hmmmm.. Not much here, is there.
Nurse: No doctor, no obvious physical trauma, mmm vitals are stable.
Doctor: Name?
Nurse: No sir.
Doctor: Did someone drop him off, maybe we can speak to them? Lets get some background on this fellow.
Nurse: No ID, nothing, and he wont speak to anyone
Doctor: Well then, lets say hello

Doctor: Good morning, I'm Dr. Watson. How are you today? How *are* you today? Look son, you're 
in a safe place, we want to help you, in whatever way we can. But you need to talk us, we can't 
help you otherwise. Now, What's happened? Tell me everything.

8. Rosetta Stoned

Alrighty then, picture this if you will:

Ten to 2AM and actually heating up the old box of krispy kremes at my need-to-know post just 
outside area 51, contemplating the whole "chosen people" thing but just then a flaming stealth 
banana split the sky like one would hope but never really expect to see in a place like this.
Cutting right angle donuts on a dime and stopping right at my Birkenstocks, and me yelping:
Holy fucking shit [8x]

Then the x-file being, looking like some kind of blue-green Jackie Chan with Isabella Rossellini 
lips with breath that reeked [of vanilla Chig Champa did a slow-mo matrix descent outta the butt 
of the banana vessel and hovered above / did a wicked jump there also while making the sound 
abananababananaba so when I opened up] my bug eyes, my gaping jaw, and my sweaty L. Ron Hubbard 
upper lip and all I could think was: 
"I hope Uncle Quark here doesn't notice that I pissed my fuckin' pants"

So light in his way, like an apparition he a had me cryin' out:
"Fuck me, it's gotta be th' deadhead chemistry.
The blotter got right on top of me, Got me seein' E mother-fuckin' T

And after calming me down with some orange slices and some fetal-spooning, ET revealed to me 
his singular purpose. He said: "You are the chosen one, the one who will deliver the message. 
A message of hope for those who choose to hear it, and a warning for those who do not." Me? 
The chosen one? They chose me? And I didn't graduate from fucking high school.

You had better [3x]
You had better listen

Then you looked right through me, with somniferous almond eyes.
Don't even know what that means, must remember to write it down.
This is so real, like the time Dave floated away.
See my heart is pounding, 'cause this shit never happens to me.

I can't breathe right now, it was so real.
Like I woke up in Wonderland, all sorta terrifying
I don't wanna be all alone, while I tell the story
And can anyone tell me why, you all sound like Peanuts parents?
Will I ever be coming down?
This is so real, finally it's my lucky day.
See my heart is racing, 'cause this shit never happens to me.

I can't breathe right now.
You believe me don't you? Please believe what I just said.
See the Dead ain't touring an', and this wasn't all in my head.

See they took me by the hand, and invited me right in
Then they showed me something. I don't even know where to begin

Strapped down in my bed, feet cold and eyes red.
And I'm out of my head. Am I alive, am I dead?
Can't remember what they said. God damn, shit the bed.

(Hey... high ohhh... I [6x]... High I, I [5x]... High, high hey... Oh/high/hey/oh...)

Overwhelmed as one would be, if placed in my position.
Such a heavy burden now to be the One.
Born to bear and bring to all the details of our ending.
To write it down for all the world to see.
But I forgot my pen, shit the bed again. Typical.

Strapped down in my bed, feet cold and eyes red.
I'm out of my head. Am I alive, am I dead?
Sun kissed and Sudafed, gyroscopes and infrared.
Won't help the brain dead, can't remember what they said.
God damn, shit the bed.

I can't remember what they said to me
Can't remember what they said to make me out to be a hero
Can't remember what he said
Bob help me, can't remember what it said.

Don't know, won't know [12x]
God damn, shit the bed

9. Intension

Work hard, stay in school, listen to your mother, your father is right
[2x, whispered, backwards]

Pure as we begin, pure as we come in
Pure as we begin, move by will alone

Pure as we begin, here we have a stone
Gather, place, array so, shelter turns to home

Pure as we begin, here we have a stone
Throw to stay the stranger, swore to crush his bones

Move by will alone

Spark becomes a flame, flame becomes a fire
Light the way or warm this, home we occupy

Spark becomes a flame, flame becomes a fire
Forge a blade to slay the stranger, take whatever we desire

Move by will alone

Pure as we begin

Pure as we begin, move by will alone
Leave as we come in, pure as light, return to one

Move by will alone, move by will alone

10. Right In Two

Angels on the sideline, puzzled and amused
Why did Father give these humans free will?
Now they're all confused.

Don't these talking monkeys know that Eden has enough to go around?
Plenty in this holy garden, silly monkeys
Where there's one you're bound to divide
Right in Two

Angels on the sideline, baffled and confused.
Father blessed them all with reason,
And this is what they choose?

Monkey killing monkey killing monkey over pieces of the ground.
Silly monkeys give them thumbs they forge a blade
And where there's one they're bound to divide it
Right in two.
Right in two.

Monkey killing monkey killing monkey over pieces of the ground.
Silly monkeys give them thumbs they make a club,
And beat their brother down.
How they survive so misguided is a mystery.
Repugnant is a creature who would squander the ability,
To lift an eye to heaven, conscious of his fleeting time here.

Cuuuut it all right in two
Cut it (-uuut it) all right in two
Cut an' divide it all right in two
Gonna divide it all right in two

Fight, 'til they die, over th' earth, over sky
They fight and they'll lie, over ground, over th' air
And light, over love, over sin, over blood and
Fight, 'til they die, over ones who are rising (here)

Angels on the sideline again, been too long with patience and reason
Angels on the sideline again, wondering where this tug of war will end

Cut an' divide it all right in two
Cut an' divide it all right in two
Gonna divide it all right in two
Right in two.

11. Viginti Tres
[noisetrumental]

[The system / Assist uuu(s)]


LATERALUS

1. The Grudge

Wear the grudge like a crown of negativity
Calculate what we will or will not tolerate
Desperate to control all and everything
Unable to forgive you scarlet lettermen

Clutch it like a cornerstone, otherwise it all comes down
Justify denial's end. Grip unto the lonesome end
Clutch it like a cornerstone, otherwise it all comes down
Terrified of being wrong. Ultimatum prison cell

Saturn ascends, choose one or ten. Hang on or be humbled again, humble again

Clutch it like a cornerstone, otherwise it all comes down
Justify denial's end. Grip unto the lonesome end
Saturn ascends, comes round again
Saturn ascends, the one, the ten. Ignorant to the damage done

Wear the grudge like a crown of negativity
Calculate what we will or will not tolerate
Desperate to control all and everything
Unable to forgive you scarlet lettermen

Wear the grudge like a crown, desperate to control
Unable to forgive, and sinking deeper

Defining, confining, sinking deeper
Controlling, defining, and we're sinking deeper

Saturn comes back around to show you everything
Let's you choose what you will not see and then
Drags you down like a stone or lifts you up again
Spits you out like a child, light and innocent

Saturn comes back around. Lifts you up like a child
Or drags you down like a stone
To consume you till you choose to, let this go
Choose to, let this go

Give away the stone. Let the oceans take and
Transmutate this cold and fated anchor
Give away the stone. Let the waters kiss and
Transmutate these leaden grudges into gold

Let go [repeat]

2. Eon Blue Apocalypse
[No Words]

3. The Patient

A groan of tedium escapes me startling the fearful
Is this a test? It has to be. Otherwise I can't go on
Draining patience drained vitality
This paranoid paralyzed vampire act's a little old

But I'm still right here, giving blood keeping faith, and I'm still right here
But I'm still right here, giving blood keeping faith, and I'm still right here

Wait it out, gonna wait it out, be patient
If there were no reward to reap, no loving embrace to see me through
This tedious path I've chosen here, I certainly would have walked away, by now

Gonna wait it out
If there was no desire to heal, the damaged and broken met along
This tedious path I've chosen here, I certainly would have walked away, by now

And I still wait, I still wait

Be patient, be patient, be patient
Must keep reminding myself of this, I must keep reminding myself of this
I must keep reminding myself of this, I must keep reminding myself of this

[Repeat four more times along with the next two lines]

If there were no reward to reap, no loving embrace to see me through
This tedious path I've chosen here, I certainly would have walked away
By now and I still may, and I still may, and I still may, and I am

Gonna wait it out, Gonna wait it out, wait it out, Gonna wait it out

4. Mantra
[No Words]

5. Schism

I know the pieces fit 'cause I watched them fall away
Mildewed and smoldering. Fundamental differing
Pure intention juxtaposed will set two lovers souls in motion
Disintegrating as it goes testing our communication
The light that fueled our fire then has burned a hole between us so
We cannot see to reach an end crippling our communication

I know the pieces fit 'cause I watched them tumble down
No fault, none to blame it doesn't mean I don't desire to
Point the finger, blame the other, watch the temple topple over
To bring the pieces back together, rediscover communication

The poetry that comes from the squaring off between
And the circling is worth it
Finding beauty in the dissonance

There was a time that the pieces fit, but I watched them fall away
Mildewed and smoldering, strangled by our coveting
I've done the math enough to know the dangers of our second guessing
Doomed to crumble unless we grow, and strengthen our communication

Cold silence has a tendency to atrophy any
Sense of compassion
Between supposed lovers/brothers

I know the pieces fit [8x]

6. Parabol

So familiar and overwhelmingly warm
This one, this form I hold now
Embracing you, this reality here
This one, this form I hold now, so
Wide eyed and hopeful
Wide eyed and hopefully wild

We barely remember what came before this precious moment
Choosing to be here right now. Hold on, stay inside
This body holding me, reminding me that I am not alone in
This body makes me feel eternal. All this pain is an illusion

7. Parabola

We barely remember who or what came before this precious moment
We are choosing to be here right now. Hold on, stay inside
This holy reality, this holy experience. Choosing to be here in

This body, this body holding me. Be my reminder here that I am not alone in
This body, this body holding me, feeling eternal all this pain is an illusion

Alive

In this holy reality, in this holy experience. Choosing to be here in

This body, this body holding me. Be my reminder here that I am not alone in
This body, this body holding me, feeling eternal all this pain is an illusion

Twirling round with this familiar parable
Spinning, weaving round each new experience
Recognize this as a holy gift and 
celebrate this chance to be, alive and breathing
A chance to be, alive and breathing

This body holding me reminds me of my own mortality
Embrace this moment. Remember
We are eternal, all this pain is an illusion

8. Ticks & Leeches

Suck and Suuuuuck
Suckin up all you can suckin up all you can suck and suck
Workin up under my patience like a little tick
Fat little parasite. Suck me dry
My blood is bruised and borrowed. You thieving bastards
You have turned my blood cold and bitter
Beat my compassion black and blue

Hope this is what you wanted
Hope this is what you had in mind
'Cause this is what you're getting
I hope you're choking. I hope you choke on this
I hope you're choking. I hope you choke on this

Taken all I can take, like we wanna take,
Taken all you can take you can wig and dig 
Got nothing left to give to you
Blood suckin parasitic little tick/
Blood suckin parasitic little blood suckin parasitic little tick
Take what you want and then go

Hope this is what you wanted
Hope this is what you had in mind
'Cause this is what you're getting

Suck me dry, Suck, Fuck me dry, Sucking me dry, Suck, Suck me dry

Is this what you wanted?
Is this what you had in mind?
Is this what you wanted?
'Cause this this is what you're getting

I hope, I hope, I hope you choke

9. Lateralis

Black then white are all I see in my infancy
Red and yellow then came to be, reaching out to me, lets me see.
As below, so above and beyond, I imagine
Drawn beyond the lines of reason
Push the envelope. Watch it bend

Over thinking, over analyzing separates the body from the mind
Withering my intuition, missing opportunities and I must
Feed my will to feel my moment drawing way outside the lines

Black then white are all I see in my infancy
Red and yellow then came to be, reaching out to me, lets me see
There is so much more and beckons me 
To look through to these infinite possibilities
As below, so above and beyond, I imagine
Drawn outside the lines of reason
Push the envelope. Watch it bend

Over thinking, over analyzing separates the body from the mind
Withering my intuition leaving opportunities behind

Feed my will to feel this moment urging me to cross the line
Reaching out to embrace the random
Reaching out to embrace whatever may come

I embrace my desire to, I embrace my desire to
Feel the rhythm, to feel connected
Enough to step aside and weep like a widow
To feel inspired, to fathom the power
To witness the beauty, to bathe in the fountain, to
Swing on the spiral to, swing on the spiral to, 
Swing on the spiral of, our divinity and still be a human

With my feet upon the ground I move myself
Between the sounds and open wide to suck it in
I feel it move across my skin, I'm reaching up and reaching out
I'm reaching for the random or, whatever will bewilder me, whatever will bewilder me
And following our will and whim we may just go where no one's been
We'll ride the spiral to the end and may just go where no one's been
Spiral out, keep going, spiral out, keep going, 
Spiral out, keep going, spiral out, keep going, 

10. Disposition

Mention this to me, mention this to me
Watch the weather change, watch the weather change
Watch the weather change, watch the weather change

Mention this to me, mention something, mention anything
Mention this to me, watch the weather change

Watch the weather change, watch the weather change
Watch the weather change, watch the weather change

Watch the weather change, 
Mention this to me, mention something, mention anything
Mention this to me, watch the weather 

Watch the weather change
Watch the weather change, watch the weather 

11. Reflection

I have come curiously close to the end, down
Beneath my self-indulgent pitiful hole

Defeated I, concede and move closer, I may find comfort here
I may find peace within the emptiness, how pitiful

It's calling me, it's calling me, it's calling me, it's calling me

And in my darkest moment fetal and weeping
The moon tells me your secret, her confidante

As full and bright as I am, this night is not my own and
Familiar light reflections, pass over me

Its source is the light and endless she, resuscitates the hopeless
Without her we are lifeless satellites, drifting

And as I pull my head out, I am without one doubt
Don't wanna peer down here soothing my narcissism, I
Must crucify the ego, before it's far too late
I pray the light lifts me out

Before I pine away, before I pine away, before I pine away, before I pine away

So crucify the ego, before it's far too late
To leave behind this place so, negative and blind and cynical
And you will come to find that we are all one mind
Capable of all that's imagined and all conceivable
And let the light touch you, so let the words spill through
So let them pass right through, bringing out our hope and reason

Before we pine away, pine away, before we pine away, pine away
Before we pine away, pine away, before we pine away

12. Triad
[No Words]

13. Faaip de Oiad
[Caller from the Art Bell Show at ~ 1:45 A.M. Friday Sep 12 1997]

I don't have a whole lot of time. Um, I'm a former employee of Area 51.
I, I was let go on a medical discharge about a week ago and, and,
I've kind of been running across the country. Damn, I don't know where to start,
they're, they're gonna, um they'll triangulate on this position really really soon. 
OK, um, um, OK, what we're thinking of as as aliens, uh the they're they're 
extradimensional beings, that, an earlier precursor of the um space program made 
contact with. They are not what they claim to be. Uh, they've infiltrated a lot of 
aspects of, of, of the military establishment, particularly the Area 51. 
The disasters that are coming, they, the military, I'm sorry, the government knows
about them. And there's a lot of safe areas in this world that they could begin
moving the population to now. They are not. They want those major population centers
wiped out so that the few that are left will be more easily controllable.


SALIVAL

1. Third Eye

Timothy Leary sample:
Think for yourself
Question authority

Throughout human history, as our species has faced the frightening,
terrorizing fact that we do not know who we are, or where we are going in
this ocean of chaos, it has been the authorities, the political, the
religious, the educational authorities who attempted to comfort us by
giving us order, rules, regulations, informing, forming in our minds their
view of reality. To think for yourself you must question authority and
learn how to put yourself in a state of vulnerable, open-mindedness;
chaotic, confused, vulnerability to inform yourself.

Think for yourself.
Question authority.

[then it's the same as the studio lyrics]

2. Part of Me
[same as studio lyrics]

3. Pushit

We've been trying something a little different this tour. We've been looking at
one of our songs from a different angle, under a different light, so we can 
hopefully kind of see it almost for the first time. We'd like try that for you 
tonight, is that okay? We're gonna need your help though. We're gonna need your 
help and your permission, so we need you to find a comfortable space, that is 
not only comfortable, but vulnerable. I want you to shut your eyes and go there,
and we'll meet you on the other side.

Saw that gap again today, while you were begging me to stay
Take care not to make me enter, If I do we both may disappeari

Saw that gap again today, while you were begging me to stay
Managed to push myself away, and you as well, my dear
And you, as well, pushed you away my dear

I will choke until I swallow, choke this infant here before me
What are you but my reflection? Who am I to judge or strike you down?

But you're pushing me, and I'm shoving you
And your pushing me, and Im shoving you

Rest your trigger on my finger, bang my head upon the fault line
You better take care not to make me enter, if I do we both may disappear

But you're pushing me, and I'm shoving you
And your pushing me, and I'm shoving you

You still love me

We're pushing and were shoving, and you're pushing and I'm shoving

You still love me

And were pushing and were shoving, and I'm pushing as your shoving

And I'm slipping back into the gap again
I feel alive when you touch me, I feel alive when you hold me, down

Slipping back into you

I am somewhere I dont wanna be, yeah, put me somewhere I dont wanna be
Push me somewhere I dont wanna be, seeing someplace I don't wanna see
Never wanna see that place again

Saw that gap again today, while you were begging me to stay
Managed to push myself away, and you as well, my dear

If, when I say I may fade like a sigh if I stay,
You minimize my movement anyway, I must persuade you another way

Pushing and shoving and pushing and shoving and pushing me

There's no love in fear

Staring down the hole again, hands are on my back again
Survival is my only friend, terrified of what may come

Remember I will always love you, as I claw your fucking throat away
It will end no other way

4. Message to Harry Manback II

Stronzo (1), stronzo di merda (2), I'm trying to take a nap but I couldn't sleep 
overnight because of you, ugh, you really hurted me, ohhhh you really hurt me, 
when I was high, you called me an asshole? Talk to me fai schifo (3), Pezzo di 
merda (4), have you ever been trying to take a nap? My heart beats too fast, 
because I'm thinking of your fucking ugly face, You you suck, fai schifo (3), 
pezzo di merda (4), fai proprio schifo (5), Vafanculo (6), ah, stronzo bastardo (7)

(1) Piece of shit / asshole
(2) Shit of shit / asshole of shit
(3) You are disgusting
(4) Piece of shit
(5) You just disgusted me / made me sick
(6) Go take it in the ass
(7) Bastard piece of shit / Bastard asshole

5. You Lied

Setting sun can't shine, now you're gone
Inside sleeping, my heart beating
You know that you tried to hide it
Couldn't you have said what you meant, oh

Time heals, time congeals around us
Endless hours of wasted moments
Understanding, not demanding
Your eyes tell what you feel inside

Setting sun can't shine, now you're gone
Inside sleeping, my heart beating
You know that you tried to hide it
Shouldn't you have said what you meant

You lied

6. Merkaba
[No words]

Samples:
[it's / having / in] some kind of psychedelic experience

Our body is light, we are immortal, our body is love, we are eternal
Eternal..

Omniscient, omnipotent, omnipresent, without judgment

7. No Quarter

[Tool Version]
Lock the door, kill the light, no one's coming home tonight
The sun beats down and don't you know, all our lives are growing cold, oh
They bring news that must get through, to build a dream for me and you, oh

Locked in a place where no one goes
They ask no quarter, they have no quarter

Lock the door, kill the light, no one's coming home tonight
It's getting colder [7x]
Locked in a place where no one goes

Lock the door, kill the light, no one's coming home tonight
They bring news that must get through, dying peace in me and you
Locked in a place where no one goes

We have no quarter, we have no quarter, we ask no quarter

[Led Zeppelin version]
Close the door, put out the light, no they won't be home tonight
The snow falls hard and don't you know, the winds of Thor are blowing cold
They're wearing steel that's bright and true, they carry news that must get through, oooh

They choose the path where no-one goes
They hold no quarter, they hold no quarter

Walking side by side with death, the devil mocks their every step
The snow drives back the foot that's slow, the dogs of doom are howling more
They carry news that must get through, to build a dream for me and you

They choose the path where no-one goes
They hold no quarter, they ask no quarter
They hold no quarter, they ask no quarter

The pain, the pain without quarter, they ask no quarter
Yeah, without quarter, quarter, yeah, they need no quarter
The dogs of doom are howling more, I hear the dogs of doom are howling more

8. (part 1) LAMC

(dialtone, touch-tone dialing, ring, ring)

Thank you for calling the Los Angeles Municipal Court, this is an automated 
system that can handle most inquiries. If after using this system, your 
question is not answered please, stay on the line and a representative will 
be with you shortly

If you are calling from a touch-tone phone, please press 1
If you are calling from a cellular phone, please press 2
If you are calling from a pay phone, please press 3
If you are calling from a car phone, please press 4
If you are calling from a secret-spy phone, please press 5
If you are calling from a princess, phone, please press 6
If you are calling from a car fax, please press 7
and If you are calling from a rotary phone, please, stay on the line

Make your selection at any time

[touch-tone 1]

Make your selection at any time

[three touch-tone 1's]

For information in English, please press 1
For information in Spanish, please press 2
For information in Japanese, please press 3
For information in Chinese, please press 4
For information in Dutch, please press 5
For information in Latvian, please press 6
For information in French, please press 7
For information in Yiddish, please press 8
For information in Ig-pay Atin-lay, lease-pay ress-pay ine-nay

[touch-tone 1]

If you are responding to a notice from the City Attorney's office, press 3
To check the amount due on a parking ticket, press 4
If you believe you are ticketed in error because your disabled person
placard or your preferential parking permit was clearly displayed, or
your vehicle is disabled, press 5
For all other traffic related matters, press 6

[long touch-tone 6]

Please make a selection at any time

[three touch-tone 6's]

For traffic school information, press 1
For payment inormation, press 2
For court locations, press 3
For general ticket and warrant information, press 4
For court appearance and bail information, press 5
For traffic court appointment information, press 6

[four touch-tone 6's]

If you need to make a traffic court appointment, please press 1, unless you 
have not filled out a DD form 3018, in which case, please press 2. To receive 
a blank DD form 3018, please come down to the Los Angeles Municipal Court 
building during normal business hours. If you have filled out DD form 3018, 
but have not reported to the City Attorney's office, please press 3

If you are not receiving physical therapy but have a relative that voted 'no' 
on Proposition 187 * and have collected a notarized waiver from said relative, 
and have attached said waiver in triplicate to said form, please press 4, 
unless of course, said relative is not a naturalized citizen, in which case, 
please press 5

If you are receiving physical therapy from a naturalized citizen but have not 
voted 'yes' or 'no' on Proposition 187 and have not reported to the City 
Attorney, but have filled out form DD 3018, please press 6

Of course, if you have not had your eyes tested by your local Department of 
Motor Vehicles in the last three years, in which case press 7. If you have 
had your eyes tested AND voted 'yes' on Proposition 187, and have your DD 
form 3018 filled out and have already reported to the City Attorney but have 
never been called in for jury duty, press 8

[touch-tone entry]

Make your selection at any time.

[here begins the touch-tone frenzy]

Make your selection at any time.

The system is waiting for a touch tone entry.
The system is waiting for a touch tone entry.

There is a possibility that you have made an error in
selecting your message. Please try again.

The system is waiting for a touch tone entry.

There is a possibility that you have made an error in
selecting your message. Please try again.

I'm sorry, but we are unable to interpret your request.
Please call back during normal business hours.

[click, dialing]

Thank you for calling the Los Angeles Municipal Court, this is an automated 
system that can handle most inquiries. If after using this system, your 
question is not answered please, stay on the line and a representative will 
be with you shortly

[fades out on]
If you are calling from a touch-tone phone, please press 1.
If you are calling from a cellular phone, please press 2.

[Proposition 187 was a Californian voted measure, aimed to prevent illegal
immigrants from getting welfare and other social benefits. Californians voted 
yes in 1994. Its enforceability and legality appear to be under question.]

8. (part 2) Maynard's Dick

It's all an open center, opens up and lets the wind lift him away
He doesn't have to feel the water, it's just a place that feels right now
Kinda like the way you're breathing, kinda like the way you keep looking away
Would you like to glide on, slide a mile six inches at a time on Maynard's dick
Maynard's dick, Maynard's dick, Maynard's dick

There's a shyness found in reason, apprehensive influence swallow away
You seem to be abysmal take it, then you're [careful grace for sure]
Kinda like the way you're breathing, kinda like the way you keep looking away
Would you like to climb on, climb on my six inches and go down on Maynard's dick
Maynard's dick, Maynard's dick, Maynard's dick

Took you out in the back of the toolshed, put it right on top of your forehead
Take you out in the back of the toolshed, now you know what you're fuckin' with
Maynard's dick, Maynard's dick, Maynard's dick, Maynard's dick

[belching & farting noises]


∆NIMA

1. Stinkfist
Something has to change, undeniable dilemma
Boredom's not a burden, anyone should bear 
Constant over-stimulation numbs me
But I would not want you any other way 

'Cause, not enough, I need more, nothing seems to satisfy 
I said I don't want it, I just need it
To breathe, to feel, to know I'm alive 

Finger deep within the borderline
Show me that you love me and that we belong together 
Relax, turn around and take my hand 

I can help you change, tired moments into pleasure
Say the word and we'll be well upon our way 
Blend and balance, pain and comfort, deep within you
'Till you will not want me any other way 

But, not enough, I need more, nothing seems to satisfy
I said, I don't want it, I just need it, to breathe
To feel, to know I'm alive 

Knuckle deep inside the borderline, 
this may hurt a little but it's something you'll get used to 
Relax, slip away 

(Sugar, dear, digger? miss ya'?, [repeat])
(Relax dear, relax dear)

Something kinda sad about, the way that things have come to be
Desensitized to everything, what became of subtlety

How can this mean anything to me, if I really don't feel anything at all

I'll keep digging, till I feel something 

Elbow deep inside the borderline
Show me that you love me and that we belong together
Shoulder deep within the borderline
Relax, turn around and take my hand

2. Eulogy
He had a lot to say, he had a lot of nothing to say
We'll miss him, we'll miss him
He had a lot to say, he had a lot of nothing to say
We'll miss him, we'll miss him
We're gonna miss him, we're gonna miss him

Yeah, so long, we'll wish you well, told us how you weren't afraid to die
Well so long, don't cry, or feel too down, not all martyrs see divinity
But at least you tried

Standing above the crowd, he had a voice that was strong and loud
We'll miss him, we'll miss him
Ranting and pointing his finger, at everything but his flaw
And we'll miss him, we'll miss him
We're gonna miss him, we're gonna miss him

Yeah no way, to recall, what it was that you had said to me
Like I care at all, but it was so loud, you sure could yell
Took a stand on every little thing, and so loud

(Could you be the one to save me from my own existence) 

(What in the hell that shocks you, that frightens you, look around you)

(I'll put you out with your instrument before I simper on you
Dirty past is the scarf around your hands
Go the lam way home, no one here's noticed)

Yeah standing above the crowd, he had a voice that was strong and loud
And I swallowed his facade 'cause I'm so eager to identify with
Someone above the ground, someone who seemed to feel the same
Someone prepared to lead the way, and someone who would die for me and

Will you, will you now, would you die for me, don't you fucking lie
Don't you step out of line, don't you step out of line
Don't you step out of line, don't you fucking lie

You claimed all this time that you would die for me
Why then are you so surprised when you hear your own eulogy:
He had a lot to say, he had a lot of nothing to say
He had a lot to say, he had a lot of nothing to say

Come down, get off your fucking cross, we need the fucking space
To nail the next fool martyr

To ascend you must die, you must be crucified
For our sins and our lies, goodbye

3. H.
What's coming through is alive, what's holding up is a mirror
What's singing songs is a snake (gimmes), looking to turn my piss to wine
They're both totally void of hate and, killing me just the same and

Snake behind me hisses, what my damage could have been
My blood before me begs me open up my heart again
And I feel this coming over like a storm again, now, considering maybe

Venomous voice, tempts me, 'n' drains me, bleeds me
Leaves me cracked and empty, drags me down like some sweet gravity

Snake behind me hisses, what my damage could have been
My blood before me begs me open up my heart again
And I feel this coming over like a storm again, now
Lie, feel this coming over like a storm again, now

I am too connected to you to, slip away, fade away
Days away I still feel you, touching me, changing me

Considerately killing me, considerately killing me
Considerately killing me, considerately killing me

Without the skin here, beneath the storm
Under these tears now, the walls came down

Once the snake is drowned, and as I look in his eyes
My fear begins to fade, recalling all of the times
I could have cried then, I should have cried then

As the walls come down and, as I look in your eyes
My fear begins to fade, recalling all of the times
I have died, and will die, it's all right, I don't mind 
                                
I am too connected to you, slip away, fade away
And days away I still feel you, touching me, changing me

Considerately killing me [3x]

4. Useful Idiot

5. Forty-Six & 2
(Joining my, join in my child and listen
Diggin' through, my old numb shadow)

My shadow's shedding skin, I've been picking scabs again
I'm down digging through, my own muscles looking for a clue

I've been crawling on my belly, clearing out what could have been
I've been wallowing in my own confused and insecure delusions
For the piece to cross me over, or a word to guide me in
I wanna feel the changes coming down, I wanna know what I've been hiding

In my shadow, my shadow, changes coming through my shadow
My shadow shedding skin, I've been picking my scabs again

(Joining my, joining my shadow, my own shadow moves closer to me and)

I've been crawling on my belly, clearing out what could have been
I've been wallowing in my own chaotic insecure delusion
I wanna feel the change consume me, feel the outside turning in
I wanna feel the metamorphosis and cleansing I've endured in

My shadow, my shadow, change is coming, now is my time
Listen to my muscle memory, contemplate what I've been clinging to
Forty-six and two ahead of me 

I choose to live and to, grow, take and give and to, move
Learn and love and to, cry, kill and die and to
Be paranoid and to, lie, hate and fear and to
Do what it takes to move through 
I choose to live and to, lie, kill and give and to, die
learn and love and to, do what it takes to step through

See my shadow changing, stretching up and over me, soften this old armor
Hoping I can clear the way, by stepping through my shadow
Coming out the other side, step into the shadow 
Forty six and two are just ahead of me

6. Message to Harry Manback
Figlio di puttana, sai che tu sei un pezzo di merda? (1) Hm? You think you're cool, 
right? Hm? Hm? When you kicked out people [out of] your house. I tell you this, 
one of three Americans die of cancer, you know? Asshole. You're gonna be one of 
those. I didn't have the courage to kick your ass directly. Don't have enough 
courage for that, I could, you know. You know you're gonna have another accident? 
You know I'm involved with black magic? Fuck you. Die. Bastard. You think you're so 
cool, hm? Asshole. And if I ever see your fucking face around, In Europe or Italy, 
Well I'll -- That time I'm gonna kick your ass. Fuck you. Fucking Americans, Yankee. 
You're gonna die outta cancer, I promise. Breathe pain. No one does what you did to 
me. You wanna know something? Fuck you. I want your balls smashed, eat shit. 
Bastard. Pezzo di merda, figlio di puttana.(2) I hope somebody in your family dies 
soon. Crepa, pezzo di merda, e vai a sucare cazzi su un aereo! (3)

(1) Son of a bitch, do you know you are a piece of shit
(2) Piece of shit, son of a bitch
(3) Die, piece of shit, and go suck dicks on a plane

7. Hooker with a Penis
I met a boy wearing Van, 501, and a dope Beastie T, nipple rings
New tattoos and claiming he was OGT, back from '92, from the first EP
And in between Sips of Coke, he told me that he thought
We were sellin' out, layin' down, sucking up to the man

Well now I've got some advice for you little buddy
Before you point your finger you should know that I'm the man
If I'm the man then you're the man, and he's the man as well
So you can point that fucking finger up your ass 

(dipshits, fuckface)

All you know about me is what I sold you, dumb fuck
I sold out long before you'd ever even heard my name
I sold my soul to make a record, dip shit, and then you bought one

I've got some advice for you, little buddy
Before you point your finger you should know that I'm the man
If I'm the fucking man then you're the fucking man as well
So you can point that fucking finger up your ass

(dipshit? fuckface?)

All you know about me is what I sold you, dumbfuck
I sold out long before you'd ever heard my name
I sold my soul to make a record, dipshit, then you bought one

All you read and wear or see and hear on TV
Is a product begging for your fatass dirty dollar
Shut up and, buy, buy, buy, my new record, buy, buy, buy, send more money
Fuck you, buddy [4x]

8. Intermission

9. Jimmy
What was it like to see, the face of your own stability
Suddenly look away, leaving you with the dead and hopeless
Eleven and she was gone, eleven is when we waved good-bye
Eleven is standing still, (waiting for me) 
Waiting for me to free him by, coming home

Moving me with a sound, opening me within a gesture, drawing me down and in
(Showing me where it all began) showing me where it all began, eleven 

He was too scarred to be alive (he was)
You are the voice that's been calling me back home

Under a dead Ohio sky, eleven has been and will be waiting
Defending his light and wondering
Where the hell have I been, sleeping, lost, and numb I'm
So glad that I have found you, I am wide awake and heading home

(Can't you see, hold your light, choose the light
Kill the light, can't you see, kill the light and answer me)

(Your light a heavenly, dreamy day of memory
Hold your light, hold your light, hold your light where I can see)

Yeoow, Aahaahaaaaah

Hold your light, eleven lead me through each gentle step
By step, by inch by loaded memory
I'll move to heal, as soon as pain allows so we can
Reunite and both move on together 
Hold your light, eleven lead me through each gentle step
By step, by inch by loaded memory
'Till one and one are one, eleven, so glow, child, glow
I'm heading back home 

10. Die Eier Von Satan
Die Eier Von Satan
Eine halbe Tasse Staubzucker
Ein Viertel Teelˆffel Salz
Eine Messerspitze t¸rkisches Haschisch
Ein halbes Pfund Butter
Ein Teelˆffel Vanillenzucker
Ein halbes Pfund Mehl
Einhundertf¸nfzig Gramm gemahlene N¸sse
Ein wenig extra Staubzucker
Und keine Eier

In eine Sch¸ssel geben Butter einr¸hren Gemahlene Nusse zugeben und Den 
Teig verkneten Augenballgroﬂe St¸cke vom Teig formen Im Staubzucker w‰lzen 
und Sagt die Zauberwˆrter Simsalbimbamba Saladu Saladim

Auf ein gefettetes Backblech legen und Bei zweihundert Grad f¸r 
f¸nfzehn Minuten backen
Und Keine Eier

Bei zweihundert Grad f¸r f¸nfzehn Minuten backen
Und Keine Eier

-English
The Eggs of Satan
Half a cup of powdered sugar
One quarter teaspoon salt
One knifetip Turkish hash
Half a pound butter
One teaspoon vanilla-sugar
Half a pound flour
150 grams ground nuts
A little extra powdered sugar
And no eggs

Place in a bowl, add butter, add the ground nuts and knead the dough
Form eyeball-size pieces from the dough, roll in the powdered sugar 
and say the Magic Words: "Simsalbimbamba Saladu Saladim"

Place on a greased baking pan and bake at 200 degrees for 15 minutes
And no eggs

Bake at 200 degrees for 15 minutes
And no eggs

11. Pushit
(Saw that gap again today dear, while you were begging me to stay
Take care not to make me enter, If I do we both may disappear)

You bet I will choke until I swallow, choke this infant here before me
What is this but my reflection, who am I to judge or strike you down

(pushing, shoving) [4x]

Yeah you're pushing and shoving me, pushing and shoving me
Pushing and shoving me, pushing and shoving me
You steal off of me, still love me, shooting me, shit on me
Steal off of me, still love me, shooting me, shit on me

Rest your trigger on my finger, bang my head upon the faultline
You better take care not to make me enter
'Cause if I do we both may disappear 

Pushing and shoving me, pushing and shoving me
Pushing and shoving me, pushing and shoving me
You steal off of me, still love me, shooting me, shit on me
You're pushing and shoving me, pushing and shoving me

Yea I'm slipping back into the gap again, I'm alive when you're touching me
Alive when you're shoving me down, yeah
But I'd trade it all, for just a little, peace of mind

Pour shit on me, pushit on me, pushit on me, pour shit on me
You're pushing and shoving me, scrambling, kick my feet back on the ground

(I am somewhere I don't wanna be, with you)

Push me somewhere I don't wanna be, put me somewhere I don't wanna be
Seeing someplace I don't wanna see, I never wanna see that place again 

Saw that gap again today, while you were begging me to stay
Managed to push myself away, and you, as well my dear
If when I say I may fade like a sigh if I stay
You minimize my movement anyway
I must persuade you another way

Pushing and shoving and pushing and shoving and pushing me
there's no love in fear

Yeah, staring down the hole again, hands around my back again
Survival is my only friend, terrified of what may come
Yeah remember I'll always love you, as I claw your fucking throat away
It will end no other way, it will end no other way

12. Cesaro Summability
[after the baby's cry, there are quiet distorted voices under the guitar]

13. ∆nema
[I've heard that the image under the CD is an old scientific study's 
prediction of what the California coastline will look like around 2005]

Hey . . .

Some say the end is near, some say we'll see Armageddon soon
Certainly hope we will, I sure could use a vacation from this
Bullshit three ring circus sideshow of

Freaks here in this hopeless fucking hole we call LA
The only way to fix it is to flush it all away
Any fucking time any fucking day, learn to swim
See you down in Arizona bay

Fret for your figure and fret for your latte and 
Fret for your lawsuit and fret for your hairpiece and
Fret for your prozac and fret for your pilot and 
Fret for your contract and fret for your car it's a
Bullshit three ring circus sideshow of

Freaks here in this hopeless fucking hole we call LA
The only way to fix it is to flush it all away
Any fucking time, any fucking day, learn to swim
See you down in Arizona bay

Hey . . . [hey . . .  hate . . . I hate it]

Some say a comet will fall from the sky
Followed by meteor showers and tidal waves
Followed by faultlines that cannot sit still
Followed by millions of dumbfounded dipshits

And some say the end is near, some say we'll see Armageddon soon
I certainly hope we will, I sure could use a vacation from this
Stupid shit, silly shit, stupid shit

One great big festering neon distraction
I've a suggestion to keep you all occupied
Learn to swim

'Cause mom's gonna fix it all soon
Mom's coming round to put it back the way it ought to be

Learn to swim . . .
Fuck L. Ron Hubbard and fuck all his clones
Fuck all those gun-toting hip gangster wannabes
Learn to swim . . .
Fuck retro anything, fuck your tattoos
Fuck all you junkies and fuck your short memory
Learn to swim . . .
Fuck smiley glad-hands with hidden agendas
Fuck these disfunctional insecure actresses
Learn to swim . . .

I'm praying for rain, I'm praying for tidal waves
I want to see the ground give way, I want to watch it all go down
Ma please flush it all away, I wanna see it go right in and down
I wanna watch it go right in, watch you flush it all away

Yeah, time to bring it down again,
Yeah don't just call me pessimist, try and read between the lines
And I can't imagine why you wouldn't welcome any change, my friend
I want to see it come down, bring it down, suck it down, flush it down

Hey . . . 

14. (-) Ions
[sounds of a microphone in wind, one of those cheesy science fiction movies' 
V shaped spark generators using three dimensional sound imaging, a rattling 
sheet of metal, a jew's harp and a synthesizer]

15. Third eye
"See I think drugs have done some good things for us. I really do. And if you 
don't believe drugs have done good things for us, do me a favor: Go home 
tonight, take all your albums, all your tapes and all your CDs and burn 'em. 
'Cause you know what, the musicians who made all that great music that's 
enhanced your lives throughout the years. Rrrrrrrreal fucking high on drugs."
[-Bill Hicks, "Drugs Have Done Good Things" from Relentless]

"Today a young man on acid realized that all matter is merely energy 
condensed to a slow vibration, that we are all one consciousness experiencing
itself subjectively, there is no such thing as death, life is only a dream, 
and we're the imagination of ourselves. Here's Tom with the weather."

"It's not a war on drugs, it's a war on personal freedom is what it is, OK? 
Keep that in mind at all times, thank you."
[-Bill Hicks, "The War On Drugs" from Dangerous]

Dreaming of that face again, it's bright and blue and shimmering
Grinning wide, and comforting me with it's three warm and wild eyes

On my back and tumbling, down that hole and back again (back again)
Rising up and wiping the webs and the dew from my withered eye

Hey, die, hey, hi

In, out, in, out, in, out . . .

A child's rhyme stuck in my head, it said that life is but a dream
I've spent so many years in question, to find I've known this all along

So good to see you, I've missed you so much
So glad it's over, I've missed you so much
Came out to watch you play, why are you running away
Came out to watch you play, why are you running

Shrouding all the ground around me, is this holy crow above me
Black as holes within a memory, blue as our new second sun
I stick my hand into the shadow, to pull the pieces from the sand
Which I attempt to reassemble, suggest who I might have been
I do not recognize the vessel, but the eyes seem so familiar
Like phosphorescent desert buttons, singing one familiar song

So good to see you, I've missed you so much
So glad it's over, I missed you so much
Came out to watch you play, why are you running away
Came out to watch you play, why are you running away

Prying open my third eye [4x]

[whispering/acid trip type sounds]

So good to see you once again, I thought that you were hiding
You thought that I had run away, chasing the tail of dogma

I opened my eye, I opened my eye, I opened my eye and there we were
I opened my eye, I opened my eye, I opened my eye and there we were

So good to see you once again, I thought that you were hiding from me
You thought that I had run away, chasing a trail of smoke and reason

[more whispering/trippy sounds]

Prying open my third eye [10x]


UNDERTOW

1. Intolerance 
I don't wanna be hostile, I don't wanna be dismal 
And I don't wanna rot in an apathetic existence 
See I wanna believe you, and I wanted to trust you 
I don't wanna have faith to put away the dagger 

But you lie cheat and steal, you lie cheat and steal
You lie cheat and steal and I tolerate 
You lie cheat and steal, you lie cheat and steal
You lie cheat and steal, I cannot tolerate 

Veil of virtue, hung to hide your method while I'm
Smiling, laughing, dancing, sing your praise and glory 
Shroud of virtue, hung to mask your stigma as I'm 
Smiling, laughing, dancing, sing your glory

While you lie cheat and steal, you lie cheat and steal
You lie cheat and steal, I cannot tolerate you
You lie cheat and steal, you lie cheat and steal
You lie cheat and steal, I cannot tolerate 

Our guilt, out blame, I've been far too sympathetic 
Our blood, our fault, I've been far too sympathetic 
I'm not innocent, I am not innocent 
You are not innocent, No one is innocent 

You lie cheat and steal [16x] I can't tolerate

I will not tolerate you, I will go down inside you 
I must go down inside you, No one is innocent 

2. Prison Sex
It took so long to remember just what happened 
I was so young and vestal then, you know it hurt me 
But I'm breathing so I guess I'm still alive 
Even the signs seemed to tell me otherwise 
Got my hands bound, and my head down
And my eyes closed, my throat's wide open 
I do unto others what has been done to me 
Do unto others what has been done to you 
I'm treading water I need to sleep a while 
My lamb and martyr, you look so precious 
Won't you, won't you come a bit closer 
Close enough so I can smell you 
I need you to feel this, I can't stand to burn too long 
Release in sodomy for one sweet moment I'm whole 

I do unto you now what has been to me 
I do unto you now, what has been done 
You're breathing so I guess you're still alive 
Even the signs seem to tell me otherwise 
Won't you, won't you come a bit closer 
Close enough so I can smell you 
I need you to feel this, I need this to make me whole 
Release in sodomy and your witness that blood and flesh can be trusted
I am your witness that blood and flesh can be trusted 
Only this one holy medium brings me piece of mind 
Got your hands bound, and your head down
And your eyes closed, you look so precious now 

I have found some kind of temporary sanity in this 
Shit, blood, and come on my hands, I've come round full circle 

My lamb and martyr, this will be over soon 
You look so precious [4x]
You look so precious now, you look so precious

3. Sober
There's a shadow just behind me, shrouding every step I take 
Making every promise empty, pointing every finger at me 
Waiting like a stalking butler, who upon the finger rests 
Murder now the pattern must weave, just because the son has come 

Jesus, won't you fucking whistle, something from the past and done 

Why can't we not be sober, I just want to start this over 
Why can't we drink forever, I just want to start this over 

I am just a worthless liar, I am just an imbecile 
I will only complicate you, trust in me and fall as well 
I will find a center in you, I will chew it up and leave 
I will work to elevate you, just enough to bring you down 

Mother Mary, won't you whisper, something from the past and done 

Why can't we not be sober, I just want to start this over 
Why can't we sleep forever, I just want to start this over 

I am just a worthless liar, I am just an imbecile 
I will only complicate you, trust in me and fall as well 
I will find a center in you, I will chew it up and leave 
Trust me [5x]

Why can't we not be sober, I just want to start things over 
Why can't we sleep forever I just want to start this over 

I want what I want [4x]

4. Bottom
Compassion is broken now, wounds they're openin' now 
Desire is broken now, makes me feel ugly 
On my knees, I'm burning, my piss and moans are fueling
That set my head on fire, smell my soul, it's burning 
Broken, lookin' up at the enemy 
And I have swallowed the poison you feed me 
But I survived on the poison you feed me 
Guilt fed, hatred fed, weakness fed, it makes me feel ugly 
On my knees, I'm burning, my piss and moans are fueling
I set my head on fire, I'm dead inside 
Shit adds up [3x] 
Shit adds up at the bottom 

[Guest vocals: Henry Rollins]
If I let you, you would make me destroy myself. In order to survive you, 
I must first survive myself. I can sink no further, and I cannot forgive you.
There's no choice but to confront you, to engage you, to erase you. I've 
gone to great lengths to expand my threshold of pain I will use my mistakes 
against you. There is no other choice. Shameless now, nameless now, nothing 
now, no one now. But my soul must be iron 'cause my fear is naked. I'm naked 
and fearless, and my fear is naked 

Dead inside [4x]
Nameless now, shameless now, nothing now, no one now 
(Shit adds up [3x])
Shit -
As you see me naked now, fearless now, naked now, fearless now 
Shit adds up, shit adds up, shit adds, shit adds, shit adds up
It leaves me
Dead inside [4x]

Hatred keeps me alive, hunger has kept me alive 
Weakness keeps me alive, guilt keeps me alive at the bottom 

5. Crawl Away
Crawled away from me, slipped away from me 
Tried to keep a hold, but there was nothing I could say 
Slid away from me, crept away from me 
Tried to keep it down, but there was nothing I could say 

What you try to say is you don't wanna play 
What you want and what you need don't mean that much to me 
I can see your back is turning, if I could I'd stick a knife in 

Crawled away from me, slipped away from me 
Tried to keep a hold, but there was nothing I could say 
Slid away from me, crept away from me 
Tried to keep it down, but there was nothing I could say 

What you try to say is you don't wanna play 
What you want and what you need don't mean that much to me 
I can see your back is turning, if I could I'd stick a knife in

This is love [2x]
This is my love for you [5x]
This is my love 

Say you won't go, won't go, won't go, say it 

Get you in a strangle hold baby, get it 'till you get it right
What you try to say is you don't wanna play 
What you want and what you need don't mean a fuck to me 
I can see your back is turning, if I could I'd stick a knife in 

6. Swamp Song
My warning meant nothing, you're dancing in quicksand 
Why don't you watch where you're wandering
Why don't you watch where you're stumbling
You're wading knee deep and going in, you're wading knee deep and going in 
This bog is thick and easy to get lost in
'Cause you're a stupid, belligerent fucker 
This bog is thick and easy to get lost in
'Cause you're a dumb and belligerent fucker 
I hope it sucks you down down down down 

My warning meant nothing, you're dancing in quicksand 
Why don't you watch where you're wandering
Why don't you watch where you're stumbling
You're wading knee deep and going in, and you may never come back again 
This bog is thick and easy to get lost in
'Cause you're a stupid, belligerent fucker 
This bog is thick and easy to get lost in
'Cause you're a dumb ass belligerent fucker 
I hope it sucks you down 

My warning meant nothing, you're dancing in quicksand 
Why don't you watch where you're wandering
Why don't you watch where you're stumbling
You're wading knee deep and going in, and you may never come back again 
This bog is thick and easy to get lost in
'Cause you're a stupid, belligerent fucker 
This bog is thick and easy to get lost in
'Cause you're a dumb ass belligerent fucker 
I hope it suck I hope it suck I hope it sucks you, fucker 
I hope it suck I hope it suck I hope it sucks you down 

Wandering, wandering, no one even invited you in 
You're still stumbling, suffocate, suffocate, why don't you get away
Wandering around, who let you in, no one even invited you in 
You're still stumbling, suffocate, suffocate
Why don't you get out while you can

No one told you to come! 

My warning meant nothing, you're dancing in quicksand 
Why don't you watch where you're wandering
Why don't you watch where you're stumbling
You're wading knee deep and going in, and you may never come back again 
This bog is thick and easy to get lost in
'Cause you're a stupid, belligerent fucker 
This bog is thick and easy to get lost in
'Cause you're a dumb ass belligerent fucker 
I hope it suck I hope it suck I hope it sucks you, fucker 
I hope it suck I hope it sucks I hope it sucks you 

7. Undertow
Two times in (shot down)
I've been struck dumb by a voice that
Speaks from deep beneath endless water
It's twice as clear as heaven, twice as loud as reason
Deep and rich like silt on a river bed 
Just as never ending 
Currents mount below me, opens up around me
Suggests and beckons all while swallowing 
Surrounds and drowns and wipes me away
But I'm so comfortable, so comfortable 
Shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up your saturating me
How could I let this bring me back to my knees 

Third time in 
I've been baptized by a voice that 
Screams from deep beneath, the cold black water 
It's half as high as heaven, half as clear as reason
Cool and black like silt on a river bed 
Just as never ending 
Currents mount below me, opens up around me
Gestures, beckons all while swallowing 
Surrounds and drowns and wipes me away
But I'm so comfortable, so comfortable 
Shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, your saturating me
How could I let it happen, why don't you kill me
I am weak and numb and insignificant
How could I let that bring me back to my knees

Euphoria [4x]

I'm back down, I'm in the undertow
I'm helpless and I'm awake, I'm in the undertow
I'll die beneath the undertow 
There doesn't seem no other way out of the undertow

Euphoria 

8. 4∞
Get up, get up now [4x]
Free yourself from yourself [2x]

Locked up inside you like the calm beneath castles
Is a cavern of treasures that none has been to
Let's go digging, let's go digging, bring it out and take it back in

You won't do what you'd like to do
Lay back and let me show you another way
I'll kill what you to, take what's left and eat it
Take all or nothing, life's just too short to push it away
Take it all, take it all in
All the way in, all the way in, Let it go in, let it go in
You won't feel what you'd like to feel
Lay back and let me show you another way
Kill what you want to, take what's left, and eat it 
Take all or nothing, just too short to lock it up 

Knock me down, I'll just come back running 
Knock you down, and it won't be long now 
All the way in, all the way in, all the way in, all the way in 
Kill what you want to, take what's left, and eat it 
Take all or nothing, just too short to push it away
 
Take it up, take it up higher now
Four degrees now, four degrees warmer 
Give in now, give in, now, let me in 
You'll like this, this brings us higher 
You'll like this, it brings us closer than dying and cancer and crying 

Let's, take it in, take it, won't you take it in, take it, take it, come on
Won't you take it, take it all, why don't you take it all, take it
Why don't you take it, take it, why don't you take it, take it
Won't you please take it, take it, take it in, take it in, take it in
Hnn, Hnnn, Hnnnnn, Why cry

Kill what you want to, take what's left, and eat it 
Take all or nothing, life's just too short for me too  
Just like that [3x]

9. Flood
The water [4x]
Here comes the water [7x]

All I knew, all I believed
Crumbling images no longer comfort me
Scramble to reach higher ground
Order and sanity, or something to comfort me

Take what is mine, hold what's mine 
Suffocate what is mine, bury what's mine 
Soon the water will come, and claim what is mine 
I must leave it behind and climb to a new place now 

This ground is not the rock I thought it to be. 

Thought I was high, thought I was free
Thought I was there, to define destiny
I was wrong, this changes everything

Running away, running away, got me running away 
Running away, now I'm running away, running away
Now I'm running away, running away

I will take what is mine, hold what's mine 
Suffocate what is mine, bury what's mine 
Soon the water will come, and claim what is mine 
I must leave it behind and climb to a new place 
Water's rising up on me, said the water's rising up on me
Thought the sun would come deliver me
But the truth has come to punish me instead

Die

Ground's breakin' down right under me
Cleanse and purge me in the water

10.-67. one second of silence each
68. two seconds of silence

69. Disgustipated
And the angel of the lord came unto me, snatching me up from my place of 
slumber, and took me on high, and higher still until we moved through the 
spaces betwixt the air itself. And he brought me into a vast farmland of 
our own midwest. And as we descended, cries of impending doom arose from 
the soil. One thousand, nay, a million voices full of fear. And terror 
possessed me then. And I begged: "Angel of the lord, what are these tortured 
screams?" And the angel said unto me: "These are the cries of the carrots. 
The cries of the carrot. You see, reverend Maynard, tomorrow is harvest day, 
and to them, it is the holocaust." And I sprang from my slumber drenched in 
sweat with the tears of one million terrified brothers and roared: "Hear me 
now, I have seen the light. They have a consciousness! They have a life! 
They have a soul. Damn you! Let the rabbits wear glasses. Save our 
brothers." Can I get an amen. Can I get a halleluiah. Thank you, Jesus.

This is necessary, this is necessary
Life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on
This is necessary, this is necessary
Life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life

This is necessary, this is necessary
Life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on
This is necessary, this is necessary
Life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life

This is necessary, this is necessary
Life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on
This is necessary, this is necessary
Life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on
This is necessary, this is necessary
Life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on
This is necessary, this is necessary
Life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life

It was daylight when you woke up in your ditch. You looked up at your sky. 
That, that made blue be your color. You had your knife there with you, too. 
When you stood up, there was goo all over your clothes. Your hands were 
sticky. You wiped them on your grass, so now your color was green. Oh, lord, 
why did everything always have to keep changing like this. You were already 
getting nervous again. Your head hurt, and it rang when you stood up. 
Your head was amost empty. It always hurt you when you woke up like this. 
You crawled up out of your ditch, onto your gravel road, and you began to 
walk, waiting for the rest of your mind to come back to you. You could see 
the car parked far down the road, and you walked toward it. If god is our 
father, you thought, then Satan must be our cousin. Why didn't anyone else 
understand these important things. When you got to your car, you tried all 
the doors. They were locked. It was a red car, and it was new. There was 
an expensive leather camera case laying on the seat. Out across your field 
you could see two tiny people walking by your woods. You began to walk 
towards them. Now red was your color. And of course, those little people 
out there were yours, too. 


OPIATE

1. Sweat
I'm sweating and breathing and staring and thinking
Sinking deeper and it's almost like I'm swimming
And the sun is burning hot again, on the hunter and the fisherman
And I'm trying to remember when, but it makes me dizzy

Seems like I've been here before, seems so familiar
Seems like I'm slipping, into a dream within a dream
It's the way you whisper

The sun is setting cool again, I'm a thinker and a fisherman
And I'm trying to remember when but it makes me dizzy
And I'm sweating and breathing, staring, thinking
Sinking deeper and it's almost like I'm swimming

Seems like I've been here before, seems so familiar
Seems like I'm slipping, into a dream within a dream
It's the way you whisper
Drag me under
Takes me home

Seems like I've been here before, seems so familiar
Seems like I'm slipping, into a dream within a dream
It's the way you whisper
Drags me under
Takes me home

2. Hush
Fuck you

I can't say what I want to, even if I'm not serious
I can't say what I want to, even if I'm not serious
Things like "Fuck yourself, go fuck yourself
You piece of shit why don't you just go kill yourself"
I say

I can't say what I want to, even if I'm not serious
I can't say what I want to, even if I'm just kidding 
Yeah

People tell me what to say, what to think, and what to play
I said people tell me what to say, fuck to think, and what to play
I say "Fuck yourself, fuck yourself
You piece of shit why don't you just go kill yourself"
I say

I can't say what I want to, even if I'm not serious
I can't say what I want to, even if I'm just kidding 

I say "fuck yourself, go fuck yourself
You piece of shit why don't you go fuck yourself?"

People tell me what to say, what to think, and what to play
I said people tell me what to say, what to think, and what to play

Just kidding, just kidding, I'm just kidding

3. Part Of Me
I know you well, you are a part of me
I know you better than I know myself
I know you best, better than anyone
I know you better than I know myself
You are a part of me

You are just a part of me [4x]

Give it up
You don't speak, you don't judge, you can't leave, you can't hurt me
You're just here for me to use

I know you well, you are a part of me
I know you better than I know myself
I know you best, better than anyone
I know you better than I know myself
I know you well, better than one might think
I know you better than I know myself

I know you well, you are a part of me
I know you best, better than anyone
I know you well, you are a part of me
I know you best, better than one might think
It's time for you to make a sacrifice
It's time to die a little, give it up

I know you bell, better than anyone
I know you better than I know myself

A part of me

4. Cold and Ugly
"Pretty deaf Dylan is working. 
Throw that Bob Marley wannabe motherfucker out of here.
Yeeeeeaaah, whoo hoo, ha ha ha, excellent"

Sane

Underneath her skin and jewelry, hidden in her words and eyes
Is a wall that's cold and ugly, and she's scared as hell
Trembling at the thought of feeling, wide awake and keeping distance
Nothing seems to penetrate her, 'cause she's scared as hell

I am frightened too, I am frightened

Trembling at the thought of feeling, wide awake and keeping distance
Nothing seems to penetrate her, 'cause she's scared as hell

I am frightened too, I am frightened

Wide awake and keeping distance from my soul
Wide awake and keeping distance from my soul

Underneath her skin and jewelry, hidden in her words and eyes
Is a wall that's cold and ugly, and she's scared as hell
Trembling at the thought of feeling, wide awake and keeping distance
Nothing seems to penetrate her, 'cause she's scared as hell

I am frightened too, I am frightened, I am scared like you, I am frightened

5. Jerk-Off
"Used to be a bunch of assholes that lived in this part of the 
building here. But we systematically removed them like you would 
any kind of termite or roach."

Someone told me once that there's a right and wrong
Punishment was sure for those who dare to cross the line
But it must not be true for jerk-offs just like you and
Maybe it takes longer to catch a total asshole
But I'm tired of waiting

Someone told me once that there's a right and wrong
Punishment was sure for those who dare to cross the line
But it must not be true for jerk-offs just like you and
Maybe it's just bullshit and I should play God, and shoot you myself
Tired of waiting

Consequences dictate our course of action and it
Doesn't matter what's right, it's only wrong if you get caught
If consequences dictate my course of action, I should
I should play God and just shoot you myself
Tired of waiting

Die

Shoot you, kick you, fuck you, shoot you in your fucking head

6. (part 1) Opiate
Choices always were a problem for you
What you need is someone strong to guide you
Deaf and blind and dumb and born to follow
What you need is someone strong to guide you, like me, like me

If you want to get your soul to heaven
Trust in me now don't you judge or question
You are broken now but faith can heal you
Just do everything I tell you to do
Deaf and blind and dumb and born to follow
What you need is someone strong to guide you
Deaf and blind and dumb and born to follow
Let me lay my holy hand a hand upon you

My Gods will, becomes me, when he speaks out, he speaks through me
He has needs, like I do, we both want to rape you

Jesus Christ, why don't you come save my life now
Open my eyes blind me with your light now
Jesus Christ, why don't you come save my life now
Open my eyes blind me with your light now

If you want to get your soul to heaven, 
Trust in me now don't you judge or question
You are broken now but faith can heal you
Just do everything I tell you to do

Jesus Christ, why don't you come save my life now
Open my eyes blind me with your light now
Jesus Christ, why don't you come save my life now
Open my eyes blind me with your light now
Deaf and blind and dumb and born to follow
Let me lay my holy hand a hand upon you

My Gods will, becomes me, when he speaks out, he speaks through me
He has needs, like I do, we both want to rape you

6. (part 2) The Gaping Lotus Experience
Satan [3x]

I had a friend once he took some acid, now he thinks he's a fire hydrant
It's okay until he pisses on your lighter
Kinda smells kinda cool kinda funny anyway

Satan [5x]

I had a friend once he took some ecstasy
Tried to marry me and everyone in the room
He was sort of loving kinda caring
Kinda tried to fuck my lazy boy
It got a bit messy all over the curtains
Arm chair covers throw pillows and carpeting

I'm getting bored [8x]